Ms. Johnson: Good morning! Today we're diving deep into photosynthesis.
Ms. Johnson: Who can tell me what the main energy source for this process is?
Alex: It's the sun.
Ms. Johnson: Correct. Now, how does the plant actually capture this sunlight?
Sarah: Through chlorophyll?
Ms. Johnson: Exactly. Is chlorophyll found in the roots?
Class: No!
Ms. Johnson: Right, it's in the leaves. That's obvious, isn't it?
Alex: Yes, mostly in the leaves.
Ms. Johnson: I want you all to take a moment and sketch a leaf cell in your notebooks. Label the chloroplasts.
Ms. Johnson: Alright, looks like most of you are done. Why are chloroplasts green?
Sarah: Because they reflect green light?
Ms. Johnson: Spot on.